are having. If your team is having trouble meeting standards on, you need
to try and get them there. There's different things that you can
do when the first things that I recommend is, you know, taking a pause,
taking a step back and reassess what's going on. Is there something
that you're missing as a leader that maybe isn't necessarily coming
down to their level to help them make that mission achievement?
Is there something going on personally in their life that you're not
aware of? That has them, you know, not fully engage? Well, they're
at work to make that mission accomplishment. You might find that after
you talk with them that there is something going on personal and
they're unable to focus. And so that was the issue. And so you can
try and help them resolve that issue or get them to the people that
can help them resolve that in that wayto hope, hopefully bring them
back online and get them focused again. If you've kind of tried all
that and you're basically at your wits and you really don't know what
to do, obviously need to communicate that on up and say, Listen here
the steps that I've taken to try and help my team make this mission
successful or meet mission objectives. And we're just missing it.
Tried A, B, C, D and E and, well, you know, here's what we've done
here is the relevant proof that we're making the best attempt. It's
just it's not achievable based on the situation that we have or the
equipment or even the people that I have. We're unable to make that
you have to communicate that up and communicated up early. So that weighs
certain things should be put in line to maybe help bring that
team. Or maybe they reassess what they're asking you to do and realize
that that actually is unachievable on where it's a big ask and nobody
looked at it that way. And now that you've tried everything, you've
put out several courses of action and you've tried all of those
and they're not working. Maybe we need to reassess what's going on,
so you might find that's helpful. Um, if it is achievable and you've
just tried everything, um, than the next piece is, maybe you start
to do a little bit of a counseling session with. If it is a particular
individual and you've tried everything, you might have to do some
counselling with them.